chore: Update the Developing Edge Service tutorial (#130)
c6o/docs: content/tutorials/desktop-app.md

Once the Intercept is running, you will see an entry for it on the Dashboard, and an ngrok URL. Click on the URL to open the link in a browser. There's no web UI here, but add `/api` to the end of your URL and you should see a JSON output.

> [!Note]
> ngrok might try to redirect you to an https link, so make sure your URL is http only when hitting the api.

Open up `sample-project/packages/core/index.js` and make a change to the `where` variable (any string will do). Restart your locally running core service (`yarn start-core`) and go back and refresh your ngrok URL ending with `/api`. You should see your change for the "where" key.

> What's happening under the hood is you're hitting a public internet address that tunnels back to your local machine and returns whatever is output by your locally running service. Cool, eh?

Reviewer: Not so colloquial. It's documentation

```suggestion
CodeZero sets up a publicly accessible endpoint that proxies traffic to the service running on your local machine.
```
